End is not the end if fact E.N.D. Means Efforts Never Dies.:Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
Education is the most powerful weapon you can use to change the world.:Nelson Mandela
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.:Albert Einstein
There are plenty of difficult obstacles in your path. Don’t allow yourself to become one of them.:Ralph Marston
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.:Carol Burnett
I think I can. I know I can.:Jennifer Wittwer
Learning is never done without error, and defeat.:Vladimir Lenin
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.:Mahatma Gandhi
There is no substitute for hard work.:Thomas Alva Edison
Don’t wait for the opportunity. Create it.:George Bernard Shaw
Success is the sum of all efforts, repeated day-in & day out.:R. Collier
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.:Og Mandino
Self-belief and hard work will always earn you success.:Virat Kohli
I am indeed a king because I know how to rule myself.:Pietro Aretino
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.:Franklin D. Roosevelt
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.:Margaret Mead
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me, and I learn.:Benjamin Franklin
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched; they must be felt with the heart.:Helen Keller
In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.:Abraham Lincoln
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.:Estée Lauder
If you get tired, learn to rest not to quit.:Banksy
Make each day your masterpiece.:John Wooden
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.:Albert Einstien
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.:Mahatma Gandhi
I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.:Thomas Edison
Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.:Oprah Winfrey
I believe every human has a finite number of heartbeats. I don’t intend to waste any of mine.:Neil Armstrong
The best revenge is massive success:Frank Sinatra
Nothing great ever achieved without enthusiasm.:Ralph Waldo Emerson
You cannot change your future, but you can change your habits, and surely your habits will change your future.– A.P.J. Abdul Kalam
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.:Karim Seddiki
You want to have a future where you’re expecting things to be better, not one where you’re expecting things to be worse:Elon Musk
An ounce of patience is worth more than tons of preaching.:Mahatma Gandhi
